 I was thinking about creating a social media platform for a, uh, health care and, uh, wellness. So what is the idea here is, uh, be... all of the people are actually documenting... like, everyone takes some type of supplement, or, uh, everyone going through, uh, some type of physicals, uh, like, biological thing. And, uh, they take some type of drugs and, uh, some type of visits, or, uh, they want to share their experience and things like that. But there is no platform that, uh, only build for health care and wellness. So, um, if it... like, uh, people can just journal in our applications where they can, uh, track, uh, what type of medicine they take in, uh, in which period of time. And over period of time, let's say, they were doing, uh, uh, they said drugs and supplement journaling for, uh, two or three years, they can actually export that data into some type of CHADGPT or, uh order to see a particular... whatever the questions they want to ask. So so how it going to happen is you are just going to add some type of prescriptions or what... whatever the thing you are doing daily. And just add a text to to it, and the AI will find what type of food... drug it is and create a journal for you. All you have to do is just click whenever daily how much Like, um, let's say you are, uh, you took something like, uh, two more doses today because of your... you're experiencing some type of pain too much right now. Like, um, people take supplements based on the effectiveness they want, the impact they want. So you are just going to add that. And, uh, based on that, you're going to add that supplement. And, uh, you're going to, um, how it going to be helpful is, it's not going to be help... helpful exactly at the right time, but it was going to be helpful, uh, in year period of time. Like, you can export the data and see the spikes and many other things. For example, let's say you are a diabetes person, and you can just journal everything inside. Let's say you are taking insulin or something, and you are this much old. And if you are doing it for a particular amount of time, you can export the data to what are the things you are related to it. for example. You can end... and you can do the entire summarized thing, document of your journal to AI and say, I was doing that for a period... I was doing... taking a kidney tablet for a very long period of time, and I was facing right now this. Whatever you can ask. There are infinite amount of possibilities that you can ask. It's not only illness based. It... you can even track your, let's say, someone is taking glutathione tablets for skin care. They're going to just take how much amount of doses they were taking for which period of time. Or do they really see any changes? And these are the things. So, yeah, supplement journaling area, but I was also thinking about... this is one section of the platform, but there is another another page in the platform where people just document about their daily lifestyle. Like, whatever they want to share. For example, I'm having this type of disease for the past three months. I've been facing it for so much harder. My foul is facing this. My... these people are doing it. And this is what I did to accomplish this, and it was this much serious. And I was doing this for a very period... this period of time. And this is what helped me to get over it. So it was going to be a highlight of the peoples who are coming through illnesses and pressures. And they can just share their story, and those stories are going to be showed in the feedback. So it was going to be a a highlight of before and after thing. The only goal here is finding... like, there are... we are actually creating this platform for not general people. Let's say everyone having cold. Right? But there are various out of hundred, out of one person is going to have some type of chronicle thing or some type of sense you think they are taking the same cold thing in a different way. They go... can able to share the same amount of pain and problem in our platform where they can search it or they just can register their own thing. It registers as a comment or something. And you can see actually what other people are saying about it. And if someone provides a very valuable info to overcome that problem, that going to be... get the highest likes and provided to most amount of people. So it was acting... the main goal of our platform is to... there are a lot of ways and the experiences are some type of hospitals or some type of drugs or some type of mental issues or some type of other tricks and tips and things like that. But it wasn't reaching people very well. Uh, like, uh, healthy something under diseases or something or symptoms or chronicle things or something. That was a key pop occurring in every single people. But, uh, Instagram or YouTube... yeah. YouTube is a very good documentation area. But, uh, there is not a lot of documentations there because, uh, YouTube rewards the people who are pro... it is a media platform, not a text to text platform where it suggests, uh, um, things to others. Uh, there is a ready to... a ready test there, uh, but I don't know, uh, if there is a lot of, uh, health related people are out there. So each platform is, uh, YouTube is a media platform. Yeah. There is some type of, uh, documentation goes viral and they get usefulness, but we are going to, uh, help them... these type of valuable things and solutions they found is super valuable, but they are going to waste. And people are constantly searching for these solutions everywhere, but they can't find at the right time. You... they are... they could be lucky when they are searching for it at the right time. So we need... these solutions needed to be always there, and it always... also needed to be provided by anyone based on the usefulness of the content. It go... it needed to be stand on there always. Google is not made for this particular problem. It was a website thing and a information thing. But this type of sector is a very big thing. Like, every single review, every single solution, every single experience is very valuable in this industry. And, uh, though... these data were going for nothing, and people couldn't... able to share it. That's the problem we are solving, and that's the goal.,Healthy something going to exist in the future and also in the past? but, uh, it was always going to be there. And there are new things that people wanted to share. And there is not a single platform that is specially made for it and, uh, wanted to provide that the value at the very specific way that people wants. We are going to be that that platform where, uh, people going to recome, uh, come again and again because we are... we having the already journaling data, which is like, uh, people going to journal their doses and things like that. And if your people are also not willing to get feedback from a... yeah. Yeah. Or Google because that is not a lot of... enough data. And if it was coming from ChatGPT, people are not going to believe it because it wasn't from a human or it wasn't from a doctor. We are... we could not able to provide things from doctors, but we can provide... people can believe the experience of other humans. That's the problem you are solving. And this is genuinely the entire platform. So how we're going to be is, it is a search based platform, and, also, it provides top trending news in the feed feed area. There are three options there. One is search, one is journal, one is general feed. The general feed is going to be mixer things where it going to provide a highly successful stories and highlights of your journal. like, uh, let's say you are a diabetes person, everything related to diabetes highlights and it, uh, what other people are saying about diabetes going to come into your feed. And also mix it with, uh, some other highlighted stories of other things. For example, yeah, news that come, uh, especially needed to be known by, uh, someone who in, uh, face... who is facing cholesterol. And they made a big breakthrough, and it was very helpful to every single one. So it is going to be, uh, shown to some other people. And if that story is very good, it will to be ranked up and is shown to many other people. And it was also stored in the database. When someone is searching for a cholesterol or something like that, then new trending feeds also going to come up. And the people are actually going to help us to rank these stories based on different matrices. We are going to create our own matrices where people can validate things based on three matrices. One is likes where you... just to like the highlights of someone's success, and there is value where people can give the value button higher. Meaning, this is very valuable in in this particular niche, and it going to help the algorithm to keep the value at... value of it and make it suggest to many other people. And, uh, because we are going to use AI to provide the search engine, uh, it can actually... people can just talk about it, the search, like, I was facing it for a very long period of time, very specific. They can go specific as possible. For example, uh, I... I'm having a period pain under this... how this type of a blood in it, this color of a blood in it. Is that a big issue or something? It, uh, what the AI going to do is, it's not going to provide its context. It going to provide how relatable and valuable, uh, already people valued it, right, with the matrices? Are they going to push the the... show the... that type of search results to them so that people can really get the exact data they want, really get it from another human? And they can also... if they are not... if there is not that much of solution in it, people... the app is going to be asking other peoples to post also. For example, if you are finding some type of highlights or you found out some type of say you are confused about something, and you can just say that I was facing this type of a health issue or something this. And I seen this, and this is what it is. So they can give her information, and it was going to be just there. Even if it wasn't valued up by everyone, but if it it it is obviously going to be helpful to someone who is facing the same thing. So this is the platform I was planning for.,And the... also, uh, why it could be a very good thing is people experience the same thing in various ways. For example, uh, let's say someone having diabetes, and they got, uh, affected in having a wound wound in them. Uh, and it was acting different, and they were just scared. Like, it wasn't actually, uh, healing that faster, and you don't know what to do. Uh, you just have to come to our platform and turn on the mic and just to... what... ask whatever the experience you are facing right now. There is a probability someone could answer to do it, or you can just post the question. So you can just post the question and also the answer. And what it... the... our platform is going to do is if there is enough answers, the answers are going to be pop out. If if the... if there isn't any popular answers in it, it going to show the questions in it. You can just to... at least you can find how much amount of people are actually having the same same question. So we need to show the questions first. What questions we are answering? Like, we don't need to actually... like, either of the things going to be posted. If you are answering the questions, it going to be uplifted. And if some question is uplifted a lot and not answered by people means, people going to come back when they are going to get the results. For example, people are going to ask the question. And if they couldn't able to find the satisfying answer, they're going to find the answer somehow, going to talk to a doctor or some other people. And we are going to remind them... keep reminding them if you find the answer, share it. Or if you had... because it's going to be helpful to many other people and they give them the idea about this panic or something. So this is the thing, and I also wanted to add this mechanism where it's not going to be only text based. It is going to be like a Twitter based user interface because both the text and the media are going to be visible at the same time in a single post. And it was going to be shown smaller. If they want to see the image, they're going to click it and say it bigger. But, also, we are going to add a mechanism where if really people wanted to disgusting... showing disgusting images of something, people are going to feel uneasy for... about it super soon. Right? And there are also... there is also eighteen plus things. We need to consider that thing also. So before posting any image or video, we need to... our AI going to analyze it frame by frame. And we are going to read the image in a different way so that you cannot share this info because it wasn't looking good or something. Can I... it going to ask the people, can I make a cartoon image of it or some type of... can you express this image, how it looks? I'm going to take your image as a reference and also your opinion to create a image. Based on your satisfaction, you can just post that image. So we are not defending them, blocking them from sharing the sensitive information they want to share. But, also, we are considering other people's user experience to make sure it was genuinely user friendly. And, also, people could able to convey the exact message they want to share., There are going to be different mechanisms in, uh, in the platform, not like other, uh, other social media platforms. We are going to make save option. Views going to be shown. And, uh, value of, uh, like, uh, arrow mark like a reddit. Uh, or, uh, where two options are there. Like, upper arm or lower down arrow mark. If down arrow mark, there is lower value in it and the people are hitting it, it's not that much of a valuable thing. And if it if it has something up... high up... upper value... value mark means it has a highly valuable information in it, and it was a very good information. And people also can like it. For example, if there is highlights in it, people can share their stories, like success stories or highlights of some type of health and wellness thing. People can just like it. If it was just like it, it's not going to be shown to such... if the top people are searching for that type of conditions. So we can separate success stories and highly valuable things in the search. This is... success stories are going to be shown in the home area, and the search is only strictly for valuable things. And there is going to be post option, and there is journal option. These are the things I was planning in the whole thing. So the matrices are like upper down arrow, comment, save. These are the options. I was planning right now. Maybe future things could be different. And we also decided the user interface, which is Twitter like user interface where images and their videos were smaller. The nine is to sixteen, but even nine is to sixteen is going to be smaller, at least, shown in our platform. And the text is also visible in it. But not like Twitter. There are not going to be page inside page inside page inside. Reddit was also like that. I just did the... don't have any clarity about it. Or do I need to add that future? But, uh, based on user experience, users will tell us, uh, or how convenient they wanted to do it in a different way or, uh, whatever they want to do it. And we are just going to make a entire health and wellness industry inside a single area. People can even search newses. Because it was completely made for health and wellness, no amount of information is going to be wasted. Like, if it was highly valuable, it's going to surface up for sure. It was actually a search engine. That's our goal. And if something come... comes up new means, like there is a possibility that a new story become a a new value... valued thing, which is very great, highly helpful. But because something that was two years back, this... in the same nature and same problem, someone said it... said in it and it got upranked, and it wasn't staying there for a very long time. But there are newer solutions for this problem, which is more valuable more valuable Just because it got got a highly valued... we need to find a way where newer and older things... like, do you understand? Like, people could make mistakes. For example, if we completely... depending on people to rank a thing and... just because it has high up value, it doesn't needed to be stand there for very long. period of time. Because, uh, there could be newer solutions, newer updates, and many other things. We need to make make sure somehow this information, uh, we need to validate the value of a particular thing based on, um, uh, something. Like, uh, what is the worldest, what is the newest, and what is the moderate under this type of things. Uh, because new things, there is a high chance that new things are not going to be new breakthroughs or new validated things, could not able to outperform something that was already existing for a very long period of time. And I don't know how to do it. ,So I think, uh, we need to add another, uh, metric that helps people to, uh, judge which needed to be shown up. For example, uh, there could be something that is uploaded already a lot. But if the say... if new people are coming in and if they are, uh, liking it means we just have to, uh, make sure that, uh I was thinking about it. I couldn't able to tell it clearly. So how it works is if newer people comes in and these people likes those type of postmates, it was a newer solution. Do you get that? For example... how can I say it? Older things are going to be... stand there for sure. But we need to know... like, we need to validate a content based on... if if the same problem, same exact thing, but newer people are engaging with it. Meaning, this post is containing newer... oh, I got... this wasn't actually a good idea. It was my fault to to say it. For what I was trying to say is, if new post getting higher views for the same problem means it was also needed to be shown. Like, what is the trending? What is the oldest? What is the midrange thing? So that we doesn't just show the best value provider post. We are going to show them trending, oldest, moderate type of things so that people can see what is the trending solution, what is the oldest solution, and what is the moderate solution. I think this could be a good mechanism, I guess. , And I already had the marketing idea for it. So what is the marketing idea? Yes. We're going to create the application in a particular site... separate site, but we are going to create the subpages. Like, this is... these pages are not related to the... connected to the main site, which doesn't contains this. But it it was inside a a particular post. And that post is going to be linked to our article area where a a pinner... we are going to pin that post as the main subject of the website. I'm going to write articles about it. So when people comes in webs... web pages and searches for something, let's say it was about chronicle solutions or something, what we're going to do is we already had a different perspectives and a different solutions for the same exact thing. Right? And the higher the amount of articles we have about some particular thing, people going to search it. And when they are... whenever they click on our page to see the information, the information is mainly directing them to the social media platform. So people going to come in and see the highlights, and the highlights mainly directing to the main side, which is our social media type of journaling plus everything under a particular name. And this is going to be shown to the people. So we are initially could able to rank on Google because we are a search. We are highly valuing search... searchability right now. Maybe this could be changing in the future, but these are the futures we have in our platform. And if he doesn't need to provide ads, We actually tested this platform using Google itself. And the the main product is our app. And this is the distribution mechanism I was planning right now. And because we are are providing the share option share option option, like, a save, share, comment, upward, downward, and likes, these are the options inside the platform. And people... if you... if they just share... click share, it's going to be like a image post of something. Like, the post is going to be shown as a short image because Each one of the initial posts are going to become a website itself. I don't want to talk about this right now, but just sharing that link would be very helpful. And this could become a very potential social media platform. And because it has a journaling thing, people are going to come to our platform every single day for sure. And, uh, we are making it sticky, uh, valuable, and also entertainable by, uh, saying highlights and success stories. Based on a... like, everyone want to come out of the pain. That's the platform itself is for. Like, how they face it, how the success story, and I was coming out of it in a very short amount of time... period of time. These are the stories that going to be shown in the highlights. So the people who is having the most amount of pain feeling about some type of pain is obviously going to use our platform and search success stories, get motivated by it, and relate it with other people. for example, I was facing through... like, people can comment, like, I was facing that same thing, bro. I was like, this is the problem I was facing. And they can just comment in it. And just to copy the same comment, we are go... whenever they click the comment, it going to ask the particular user, can I post this? So that people can... either people can just leave it as a comment are adjusted, write a detailed post with the image or just as a text or something with a link or something so that it was going to be super easy for people to post and also comment., We already created the entire application, but right now I need to focus on the MVP. If I want to focus on the MVP, I myself needed to post those stories. So how it going to work is I'm the user. I create multiple accounts in it, and each account going to follow some type of journaling and also posts, and some type of image attached to it. So we are going to create a APA connection to our application. So how it going to do is, we're going to create multiple AIs accounts. Like, each account is different. Each account has different usernames and user images and many other things. We... let's say we are creating hundred different accounts. The... each hundred different accounts covers e two, niches, for example, diabetes, or, for example, uh, uh, different different chronicle things, different different diabetes, uh, different different diseases, and many other things. And, uh, we are the only one going to use that API. So, uh, the only thing that we are going to do is we're going to find stories about this, uh, each niche. For example, uh, we're going to search about diabetes, and, um, in Google, are in some type of a medical, um, medicine there or YouTube or in Instagram or many, uh, as much as possible about that particular topic. And we are going to create a story with our username in it, and it was, uh, I'm just going to give that to the AI. The AI going to... like, uh, let's say I was giving it to to Claude, because we are the only one create... have the API key. We can create the content, uh, in a hundred different thing. as a single person. And the the AI going to keep journaling like a like a real user in their platform. Like, it going to journal it's... I was creating its own personality. Like, this is the age group, and this is the medicine it was taking right now. And this is the progress overall. It was making for a particular cause. Like, a... yeah. Ideal customer, and they're having some type of issues. For example, each use... like, let's say, it was hundred users. each user is going to have a multiple interest. For example, a diabetes combination with skin care or a a older man who is tracking his diabetes and also he has some migraine problem in his head or, let's say, a midrange age two person who is having a multiple interest like he was caring about his heart health or fitness health along with the cognitive improvements, he was taking some cognitive supplements. So he of this containing multiple interest, a hundred different accounts, each of them containing two to three interest, and they... they're going to log their journals occasionally. And I'm the person who is going to scrape datas from multiple platforms and get the values out of it. What is the core idea? What is the core solution? What makes this story super good? And I'm going to provide it to the cloud code, and it's going to get that particular user and post it as that person in in... into our platform. So there are already tractions going inside of the platform when new users are coming in. And, uh, whenever it creates a post, it also going to create a article about it and share that post as a main image in it. And, uh, the stories in it. So we are creating... let's say, each hundred accounts is creating three to four articles in that niche means, uh, we doesn't actually needed to post only from our, uh, domain, as long as there is a, uh, our user, like, uh, our platform name and, uh, our post as the main thing, when people click the post or just click the username, it's going to direct them onto our application. We can create multiple free GitHub pages, uh, multiple, uh, things to promote our articles. And, uh, because we are using cloud code as the main engine, it can easily manage a hundred different accounts. And we are the only person who who is having the API key, no one is allowed to add in... are not even going to know that is a API key in it. So no one else going to fake this agent thing. We're just going to do it for a enough period of time so that it becomes a biggest platform gathered in... about your particular knowledge. And all of them are pointing towards a social social media platform. So we are creating distribution in a higher volume in the different natures. also creating articles all as a single person. That's the biggest thing. Like, all as a single person... think about it. It was a great, amazing thing to do. , But there is no other way, if you are actually, uh, wanted to... like, uh, no one wants to share their experience if there is nothing in it. We are not actually providing image sources, especially in the beginning. But, actually, tweets and articles about things, there is no other way in the... we are going to create... doing this for a very short period of time when humans are posting about it. We are going to use that to write our... use the real experience as a article. It's not like a... we wanted to do it in a... in the... in a... in that way. Like, we would... don't want to fool our users, but in the initial days, it was necessary for us to do it. To see some type of... even though if it was AI, even though if it was some other thing, we have no other choice in the initial days because these are the things we're to get the traction. And when we got enough users, we just completely going to avoid that AI plat... AI generated content using cloud code. But we are going to highly focus on people's stories and use that posts and stories to create article and the general post post it on abandoned fake posting on our own platform, but use AI to share the human experience as article in somewhere. I think that's fair enough. I... if you considering that as a AI generated content as a problem means, you cannot actually... we are highly depending on virality and usefulness. And then if you just create a platform and hoping people will use it means, it's not going to be visited or seen by enough people. We need to share it as much as possible in many various platform, like we need to create a Twitter accounts that says... just with the image with the watermark in it, we need to share it in Twitter's. We need to share it in social... other social media platforms like Reels or in threads or in... even in Snapchat, wherever that is. As long as we are driving enough speed in it, the better the application is going to grow and bigger. We need that. That's why we are doing it.